c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp1.exe.config
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp1.exe
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp1.pdb
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.Core.dll
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.dll
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.dll
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.pdb
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.pdb
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.xml
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.Core.pdb
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.Core.xml
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.pdb
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.xml
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.pdb
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.dll.config
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp1.exe
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp1.pdb
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Controls.dll
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Controls.Imaging.dll
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.dll
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.dll
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Controls.pdb
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Controls.xml
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Controls.Imaging.pdb
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Controls.Imaging.xml
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.pdb
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.xml
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.pdb
c:\users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.IO.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Neuro.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Genetic.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.IO.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.IO.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Neuro.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Neuro.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Genetic.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Genetic.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp1.exe.config
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp1.exe
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp1.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Controls.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Controls.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.IO.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.Core.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Neuro.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Genetic.dll
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.dll.config
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Controls.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Controls.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Controls.Imaging.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Controls.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.IO.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.IO.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.Core.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.Core.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Neuro.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Neuro.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Genetic.pdb
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\Accord.Genetic.xml
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp1.exe
C:\Users\alubenov\Documents\mine\neuralnetworks\accord_01\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp1.pdb
